with all the available applications and new updates for its software , iphone is a phone you grow with , not out of .
i upgraded from the sd550 canon there is not comparisent  .
i have also converted my office from the pc and windows world to mac os and that is the best business decision i have made in years i have tried other phones with android , windows mobile and they all fall short  .
i've also experienced the unit occasionally freezing or resetting itself , usually when the bluetooth connection is active and i'm receiving a phone call  .
this is my family's seventh (at least) garmin unit , and may be our last .
thanks canon for making my family happy and able to share our family photos again  .
a really great camera  .
so i knew when i is buying this unit i is not buying a unit that i would build for this price but the best available as far as it being balanced in   , efficientcy and bells and whisles  .
(i have one , and i will also be getting the iphone 4g as soon as it comes out as well) it is by far the best mobile that is currently on offer , and i can see the 4g carrying on that legacy .
for the same $30 dollars a month for unlimited data plan , i get way more out of my iphone than a blackberry  .
i've been researching digital camera's for quite some time but couldn't quite make up my mind  .
the cannon sd790is very easy to operate in auto mode  .
i do not know anyone who has one who wants to trade one , and for most users the lack of multitasking is no big deal (it's a smart phone , not a tiny pc)  .
bought this camera hours before going to nyc and found it very easy to use and it took great pictures  .
just returned from 2 weeks in seattle/alaska  .
i could not imagine a better phone .
i have a canon slr but not easy to carry around , esp  .
the iphone is a great phone  .
so i is looking for a easy point and shot camera  .
00 for everthing period and they would still make a fortune as to all the iphone haters and bashers out there , keep you second rate devices and i will keep on using my world class phone and enjoy it everytime someone ask me is that the iphone and i proudly say yes it is .
highly recommended  .
well this machine costed about 459  .
so do i like the machine  .
lastly , flash support  .
as a little side    note   the picture files are pretty large (i shoot at the max quality) , so i invested in an 8 gb sdhc card and get 1745 pictures before purging if you are wondering about the screen thing , i have put this camera through thick and thin (left in overnight in a 10    below 0 degrees f garage , dropped (in a small case) , and it has been hit (through a 1/2 inch of neoprene not much protection there) , and i noticed some blue spots on my screen (not like dead pixels , but splotches)  .
without the iphone , apps would not be as we know them today  .
another groundbreaking movement started by the iphone is design  .
so far so good and for $179 at costco a great deal .
its good for all events if you want a picture taken right away  .
the pictures it takes are fantastic , and they have great quality  .
no it doesn't i like it    i just wish they fine tuned odds and ends a bit as far as the ad's yes i've heard complaints about it and to be perfectly honest the ad's are paying or the 2 year free service  .
the ads do not bother me if the online services actually worked and would keep the service free  .
i recommend it to any iphone owner  .
you can access another app while on a call and not loose the phone call  .
so far all the pictures have turned out great  .
they are placed with the headphone jack , and the dock connector , and is exposed to the exterior environment , often in    correctly setting of the sensor with the smallest of rain drops , or even humidity  .
i searched everywhere for a camera that i wanted and i fell apon this one and i loved everything i is hearing about it , the main reviews that were bad is about the battery life , and i agree with that  .
what i wish garmin did is put the gas prices and resturant searches in distant order  .
the iphone can be picked up by anyone , and they could learn how to use the phone within a few minutes  .
i text a lot so i is looking forward to using the qwerty keyboard on the iphone  .
http  //nikeshoes2u  .
having had blackberry 8900 for almost an year and switched to iphone , i gotta admit the better user experience iphone offers  .
they are not putting the ad's on to subisdize the unit  .
to start off , the software iphone uses is very straight forward and almost never lags  .
forget megapixels and go for a camera w/ the features you need  .
there is simply so much more to do on iphone  .
also it works great in the dark and light  .
i love the angular look of the camera , and the video is amazing (the mic faces backwards , yet still gets all the sound  .
if route calculated it will sometimes put me on route when i am on feeder road or the other way around , i am on the highway and it puts me on the feeder  .
i just bought this camera and have been playing with it a few weeks now  .
iphone have over 100 , 000+ (and growing) applications in their app store , most of them are cheaply priced or free  .
i took over 600 pictures in 2 days and only had to recharge once .
oh well i brought a birthday present for me when i went to hide my 765t from the car wash people and the screen cracked  .
do they always use the best route  .
they don't show up when you are driving anyway so i do not know the big deal  .
i spent a lot of time reading reviews on multiple cameras and narrowed down the field to the sd790 is , sd 1100 is , and a fujifilm finepix 1000fd  .
but you know what garmin's private poi's were always outdated so i guess you cannot ask for everything personally do i think for $500  .
the phone is amazing  .
i've used everything from high slr to these little compact types  .
he had a sd750 and he loved the thing which brought me over to the canon's i actually bought the sd790 thinking it is the 750 when i got it from costco  .
ps    not a griper but sent nikon 4 cameras withy the same failure , battery door tabs broken , and they said not their problem  .
i would recommend it to anyone  .
i called verizon and they asked me to download the latest patch for the tour which fixed it , i dont know how this will be after a year or so but at the moment i look for every opportunity to jump into the car and use my new nuvi 1690 .
i have read the other reviews and , although they reflect they opinions of the users , i feel they are somewhat unfounded  .
houston is notorious for its traffic issues and the accuracy of the traffic delays as reflected during my commute are spot on  .
when i record myself playing piano , it has a weird sound with it but normal recording is fine i'm about to go to europe and cannot wait to use this fully and take great pictures of landscape and castles best camera for price , usability , and picture quality  .
the traffic data is pretty accurate and seems to update frequently  .
the maps are accurate , the poi's are up to date , and the nuvilink services are great  .
i can use it without all the mess of a lap top when i am going on a trip on my motorcycle  .
to catch outdoor pictures for kids  .
the price is right and the images are , imho , amazing for this price range  .
i love being able to check the weather and flight status before i get to the airport  .
button layout is a nice change in my opinion  .
i've been using this product for about 2 months and it's been a good tool  .
it is easy for this old man to use and lessen's my load when i travel.
i did a careful reviewed and tested a few cameras , finally bought this one  .
i have been using the 1690 for about a month and i have experienced flawless operation of the unit  .
i also like the flight status and gas price features there is a lot more positives than i can remember the only thing that i is surprised at is at the price i paid maybe garmin could've included a carrying case/sleeve to protect it .
so i went with the garmins  .
i will say that apple needs to make improvements in the multitasking and allow the end user to set up the phone the way they would like it to look instead of the one way approach they currently have in place they have become a 50 billion dollar company because they build stuff people want and they stand behind what they build  .
all of these cameras have enough megapixels to print even big prints , and they all have tiny lenses that are incapable of performance beyond a certain point anyhow  .
i consider myself a user for life .
this is a great point and shoot camera  .
i spent a lot of top shopping for cameras in the $200 range  .
i choose this little camera because it is an ultra compact that is really easy to carry and to use , you can ask anyone to take a picture with excellent and consistent results  .
let me ask should you be looking at the road while driving or at the unit would i recomend this product yeah it's cool  .
i find it very easy to use and do all my banking on it and pay , or check my accounts  .
so it is constantly multi    tasking the core apps , and also lets you access apps while on a phone call  .
this phone is very easy to use  .
the image just looks so much clearer on the large screen i've been testing it for about a month now and i have been extremely impressed .
their is nothing to say but the iphone 4 is the best phone in the world  .
i called garmin and they said they had never heard of that problem but they did exchange the unit for a new one  .
you wo not regret it .
the apple iphone continues to be the phone by which all other smart phones are compared  .
i am really happy with the operation of the camera  .
droid is getting the market share nowadays , but iphone still is a pleasure to use  .
app , etc) that are consistently running in the background  .
i switched from a motorola razr to the iphone 3gs 16gb so you should have an idea of the leap in technology i experienced with the iphone .
the camera could be improved , as well as an addition of a flash to the camera  .
thanks cnet for your accurate reviews and shopping assistance  .
the sd790is is another great canon camera in my opinion  .
the windshield mount is very solid and the cradle is easy to insert/detach the unit from with one hand  .
the addition of the google search helps a lot i know this is cheesy but i love the screen savers offer [makes the device more attractive]  .
approx 1500 to 2200 photos per canon so far    all loving family shots from across the country  .
with thousands of developers , the capabilities for apps are endless  .
it had a terrible flicker on the screen when data is being transmitted.
after an hour of going back and forth between the 790 and the 1100 , i chose the 790 for its much larger screen size (something that i have never really cared about)  .
i would highly recommend this gps unit for anyone looking for a high    end pnd .
it destroyed the comparable nikons beyond meeting all my initial criteria , the sd790is has outstanding video and i have not experienced any problems with the placement of the microphone pinhole and wind noise , as suggested by the cnet review  .
i hope garmin will improve on this unit .
this doesn't happen often , maybe once a week or two  .
from the physical design to the software , the iphone is a well refined phone  .
i am very happy with my choice .
while not of major concern , it would certainly be a great addition to the phones already awesome browser .
they are in order in there own poi's but not in the google search poi.
like this product due to unmatchable canon photo quality  .
i bought this camera a couple months ago , and it has been really awesome  .
everything is streamlined and runs smoothly  .
i have always been a big fan of the canon powershot series  .
i got is because it is soooooo cheep right now and cnet's great review of it so far , i have not done anything serious with it yet but just take some pics of me and my friends during our music program and do some youtube videos  .
but video quality just kills it (note that if you want a camera for mainly video recording , you should not even think about this camera and is not a video camera)  .
also , there should be a multi carrier platform , at t has a great 3g network , but that is if you can get a signal  .
enough of the bad talk about the iphone for reasons of call quality and coverage , thats the network , not the phone  .
the sd790is far surpasses the sd550  .
i am so pleased with the pictures    clear , balanced , no shake all the things i need as an amateur photographer and parent on the move highly recommend  .
i like the new feel' of the graphical ui and the menus are well laid out  .
since i started buying gps's i had to lower my standards or i'd be on anti depressants for the rest of my life lol to start with all the nuvi products route you the same  .
just to recap when i speak of routing i am speaking for all garmins including this one selling points i like the screen it's bright and the letters are big , i love the traffic that you get via built in celluar band , i love the google search , i havan't tried blue tooth but i will in a few years when i'm board , theh speaker quality is good  .
00 but whatever  .
this is the best best best little camera  .
i have not been happy with this one  .
(it only does this if a route is calculated)  .
i love almost every aspect of it  .
but they all do most of the time the routes were good , even when they were not that good they were ok  .
if i tell the device to always display traffic data it will sometimes reboot on me  .
but i guess it's better than $499  .
bluetooth didnt work well with my blackberry tour  .
well well i think i'm going to get in trouble with mom  .
my significant other is intimidated by this camera and as a result i end up on the other side of the lens all the time and rarely appear in pictures with my family what i got in the sd790is    .
i see all the iphone bashing going on in these reviews and most of it is from folks who have never used one as a business tool like i do  .
btw if you want a great price for these go to your local costco  .
garmin has dropped the ball on this one  .
i brought it to best buy and the geek squad said it looked like moisture , but needless to say they sent it out to be repaired , free of charge (even though i bought the camera like 6 months ago)  .
i am a point and shoot photographer and this fits the bill without hurting your pocket book  .
i finally had to go to an electronics store to test them all out for myself the fuji is nice , but unimpressive  .
i'm writing this on c    ent and facebook and mom is listed as my friend  .
firmware upgrades do not correct the reset problems , and i cannot get a response from them via messages sent from their my garmin web site  .
if you have children or pets this camera is great  .
the window suction device is easy to use and it is easy to clip    in the device and remove it as well  .
does it take you in circles yeah sometimes  .
but as much screaming i've done it get's me nowhere  .
it is a mini laptop  .
it is great  .
garmin's don't take you the back way (like i'd like to avoid traffic) and even somtimes a slower way then i'd know (for example i'd use a highway to connect with another highway) the garmin would tell me take a main road to connect to the 2nd highway  .
all i have to say is the american companies have no pride in there production anymore  .
this is a great phone , and if you have the opportunity to get your haands on one , go for it  .
it's a little low for my standards but it's really awsum for what you can expect in todays world  .
i have brightness maxed and rarely use flash , and get about 500+ shots per charge  .
with the iphone you just do , you do not have to think about it  .
the big screen size is fantastic and doesn't seem to take a big hit off battery life  .
the ease of use is one of the best parts of the phone  .
00 , i guess i could have gotton it for 399  .
the iphone is still the phone that does the basics in a world class fashion and adds to the experience like only apple can (bt , wifi , apps , etc)  .
i know i could of gotten a 265wt for a $100  .
very east to use controls  .
the cellular issue is random , and will happen in spots where it works just fine somedays and not on others  .
being able to comparison shop for fuel is great and has already saved me $$  .
however the iphone is not without it's faults  .
i would definitely recommend this camera to my friends .
i is a loyal blackberry user for years before making the switch to apple and i have never looked back  .
the color accent feature is also interesting to play with battery life is significant , though i purchased an additional battery for reserve when traveling out of country  .
com  .
they get you where you are going  .
i'm a point and shot kind of guy  .
battery life off    cradle has been about 2 hours  .
but , for a consumer that does not know a tad about hacking , i believe the usability or a phone is way more important than raw tech spec  .
sometimes my traffic icon greys out , so far garmin just keeps sending me new units which all do the same thing  .
i bought mine refurbished and i still dont have any complaints  .
im sorry but anyone giving a piece of technology this unbelievable needs their head read  .
not a bad device , would be excelent if they would have gone with a better cellular service  .
most of the negative reviews you see here will be from pre or android users  .
buy yourself whatever card size you think you need and be happy with the awesome quality of this camera  .
my last camera is a nikon coolpix 5700 , which captures great images in the right conditions (imho) , but is intimidating to many people due to the less than intuitive layout/design/controls for non    slr users  .
the iphone set the groundwork for apps in phones , and truly has changed the smartphone industry  .
i couldn't be happier with the purchase the prices of sd cards are so cheap , just don't even think of having the pathetic 32mb as a con  .
i'll be purchasing another 5 over the next couple of months  .
i've had tom tom and i did not like the interface but the 740 live ether had the most rational routes due to iq or historacal routes the offer at other times it is horrable , the megallans froze up  .
with thousands of developers , the capabilities for apps are endless .
this is the easiest to use , takes a great photo , and meets my needs very well  .
the unit does a good job of routing and takes live traffic conditions into account  .
the process went very smooth i have owned several garmin units and is very happy with them  .
in full auto mode the sd790is takes outstanding images for the price what i is looking for in a digital camera    .
if you are not a toy buff then just get yourself the cheap one they all route you the same .
camera seems like it is built/constructed very well  .
it's an iphone    which by now is a reliable and known quantity  .
00 the routing should be perfect yes  .
great camera  .
it has so many features that are awesome   the touch screen works as it should ; the touch    screen dialing and reception/audio is crisp clear  .
i'd recommend this to anyone .
00 that the google searches should be in order yes , do i think for $500  .
i also love the fact that iphone receives a system update every year or so  .
one of it's biggest plus's though , is the app store  .
we currently own to sonys and after becoming frustrated with por pictures we decided to give canon a chance  .
but then my photographer buddy showed me what he uses when he is not using pro cameras (like when he's on vacation)  .
i have found that if i turn the unit off and back on again in about 1 minute the cellular reconnects and i gain access again  .
what it does not do is let you control what multi    tasks       i have yet to see a need to do this , and am happy my phone does it for me .
people complain about signal but i generally have strong signals when my friends have very low or none every thing that is customizable on it , i have a personalized theme and background all my settings are configurable and sbprefs allows me to toggle almost anything i want instantly , edge , 3g , bluetooth , brightness , processes , ssh , wi    fi , autolock , rotation its perfect  .
also , the placement of the water sensors , are truly ineffective  .
there are core apps (like phone  .
before the iphone , design is of least concern by manufactures  .
i loved the sd750 but i felt that the image stabilizer is missing the sd790is is an all    metal (at least on the outside) camera  .
the garmins are more consitant  .
i've experienced poor voice quality when using the bluetooth function with my phone    but it's better than the earpiece i is using before  .
evrything is amazing right now and nobody is happy louis ck  .
before i got mine , i is skeptical about the iphone , but once i got it , i is blown away by the features  .
i hate to say this but the google email and calendar functions are much nicer and streamlined on the iphone then on the google phones  .
don't worry much about what you read about the iphone not being able to multi    task it can and it does multi    task  .
i am very happy with my new sd790 .
some other reviews have slammed the pop    up ads but frankly i've barely noticed them    they only appear when the vehicle is stopped , and if i'm looking at the unit when i'm stopped , i'm usually accessing one of the screens that do not show ads , so for my purposes they are practically invisible .
ease of use , sub 200 dollar price , and fantastic picture quality why    .
double aa battery cameras are great for this purpose , but the battery life of the sd790is makes this a non    issue , at least for my purposes the display is big and beautiful , though i sometimes feel it is too forgiving with questionable images i thoroughly recommend this camera if it fits your needs .
if this is not replaced as new i'll look elsewhere for my next system as i drive overe 30k a year  .
on one of the updates now when traffic is detected it displays traffic for you , and when no traffic is does not display the green lines on the map  .
traffic   i don't get it  . 
00 but i needed it fast due to the fact my screen cracked and i needed it for business  .
i acquired the nuvi 1690 at best buy as a replacement through the performance service plan that i had purchased on the nuvi 865t  .
i used my phone unhacked for months and finally got sick of being restricted by stupid apple restrictions if it was not for the jailbreaking community i would like this phone but it would not be nearly as perfect  .
i like this camera b/c of the big screen on the back and because it takes ok indoor pictures .
i hate at t because they nickel and dime me to death and with all the cell phones and portable internet devices out there , there is no reason any carrier should be charging more the 79  .
greatest point    and    shoot camera  .
at the time i switched to iphone there are many other choices out there with better hardware  .
i would love to see apple just make a phone that any carrier can use and quit lining themselves up with one carrier  .
how is that possible  .
love the little features like it tells you how much gas you used for the trip and how much it actually cost you  .
perhaps nikon planned their name to anagram nikon  no kin  .
